h1. Student Opportunities Page

h2. Purpose

The Student Opportunities Page is a dynamic website that will be used for displaying a range of Student Opportunities, Scholarships and Organizations that students can be a part of. The current system we deemed to be ineffective and also not visually appealing so we are working at finding ways to optimize it whilst making it visually appealing
Previous System

The Student Opportunities Page used to be a google doc that we styled and manually entered data into a spreadsheet. Whilst this was easy and free to create it was not visually appealing and wasn’t the most effective method of displaying this information
Rails Implementation

I made the decision to create a simple Ruby on Rails version of the Student Opportunities Page that my boss and I could easily update and manage. One of the biggest challenges that lies ahead is figuring out how to update the system with the google Doc information. I am thinking of tackling this in one of two ways.
a) We could find a way to simply include the CSV files into the system and have it read from within
b) We could find a way to provide a means for an administrator to upload csv files into the system and then append them to the current file system.

We will starter with the first option and then move onto the second.
Future

The future of The Student Opportunities Page includes implementing Backbonejs for the frontend to improve the frontend. Also we would like to provide a slightly different system for mobile views.